Summoning Jutsu!
[screaming]
What?!
[growling and roaring]
Is that...?!
No way!
[roaring]
The Nine Tails!
Go, Nine Tails!
[roaring]
[screaming]
Why--
Minato...?
Never mind...
Just be with Naruto.
[whimpering]
Naruto.
Thank you, Minato...
And good luck.
I'll be right back.
[screaming]
[growling]
I won't let you
do this!
[roaring]
So you noticed me, huh?
You won't destroy
my home.
[roaring]
"What is a ninja?"
I asked that once when I
was younger.
"A real ninja... is one
who endures."
That's what my master
told me.
Seems the reports were
accurate. It's the
Akatsuki, all right.
What's going on? We've
taken most of these guys
down already.
Worry about that later.
Right now, we have eight
of them to deal with.
And every single one of
them has seriously
dangerous abilities. I
made sure to memorize the
data about them, but
still...
I'm prepared. Awaiting
instructions.
Got it-
Rasengan!
What?!
I'm not gonna run and
I'm not gonna hide! So
come and get me, punks!
And...
...my name is...
...Naruto Uzumaki!
I'm a ninja!
What is he doing now?!
And here I thought that
ninja were supposed to
"endure!"
[grunting]
Well... at least this way
he's doing a good job at
being a decoy...
Shikamaru!
We'll be at a
disadvantage in a group
battle. We should split
them up and fight them
individually.
Now move out!
Huh?!
[grunting]
Geez, Naruto, do I always
have to look after you?
You really don't ever
stop to think, do you?
What'd you say?!
[gulping]
Wish I had some more, but
we gotta get going.
Expansion Jutsu!
Human Boulder!
And you, get back to your
post!
Your time's up. Why, you
ask? Because your jutsu
are annoying!
You see that combination
we pulled off?
[barking]
Hinata! Go for it!
Right, Naruto!
[grunting]
Double Dynamic Entry!
I may have had a hard
time before this...
...but I am different
now! There is nothing
more effective than hard
work!
That's right!
Well said, Lee! Now it's
time to get down to
business and display our
glittering power of youth!
You won't get away!
Not a chance!
That's it!
That's the place where
Pervy Sage and Dad honed
their skills... The
Training Cave.
[growling]
Mmph!
Sorry to keep you wait-
Don't just jump out like
that!
Earth Style: Mud Wall!
Ninja Art...
Super Beast Scroll!
[roaring]
Damn it! All right,
then...!
[gasping]
What?!
Hand! Hand! Hand!
Hand!
It's an Earth Style. The
enemy's.
Their presence is
completely gone now!
All right!
We sure took care of
them! For the time being...
[whining]
Kakashi Sensei...
Yeah...
It's very strange.
An attack by Akatsuki
members who should be
dead?
How can that be?
I don't know. They
withdrew without offering
much resistance, but...
Was it an idle threat? Or
have they put some kind
of scheme in motion...?
Let's add more lookouts
and increase the
village's patrols.
Yes...
Hold on. we still have a
post-mortem sample from
this enemy, correct?
Analyze and compare their
structures right away!
Right!
Hmmm...
[chatting]
I've just heard the news!
So you guys chased off
the Akatsuki, huh?
Yeah, I guess so. All of
them ran off pretty
quickly, though...
Don't be so modest!
Proud of you, boy. It's
good to know you can get the
job done when it counts.
Seriously?! The Akatsuki!
Those are some skilled
fighters with considerable
power at their disposal.
And you drove them away,
did you? I'd only expect
jonin to pull off
something like that!
Oh, I don't know about
that...
Choza is right. And
so all of us have
talked it over...
We decided to submit
applications to Lady
Hokage for all of you to
be made jonin!
What?! No way! We're
going to be jonin?!
You'd better believe it!
And it was a unanimous
decision by all of us.
Right?
[agreeing]
Hey... So, um, do you
think...
I mean, I'm not sure she
should accept! Our
family's never had any
sort of talent, really...
But, mom... What do you
mean?!
Honestly? You lack a
sense of responsibility!
You complain about
cleaning, you never put
your shoes away, and
forget about getting you
to fold your laundry!
Giving her a promotion
would probably just cause
problems for everyone!
[laughing]
Mom... You don't have to
say stuff like that in
front of everyone!
You sure don't look so
tough when your mom is
around, Sakura!
Now, don't worry, dear!
After all, Sakura has a
great teacher to guide
her!
Just remember, if you've
got a good teacha, no one
can beatcha!
[laughing]
[growling]
Oh dear, you are awful!
I wish that the two of
you would just butt
out of my life!
You're annoying and not
funny and act like
fools!
What?! What did you say!?
Whoa, Sakura... Don't say
anything you'll regret-
Oh, shut up! Just mind
your own business!
[gasping]
[giggling and chatting]
Looks like everyone else
is gonna get recommendations
from their parents.
So what are
you gonna do?
Well, I was a member of
The Foundation. So the
promotion process is
entirely different.
[inhaling and exhaling]
[chatting]
You really think you can
handle it? This is a pretty
big cake!
I can eat it all!
[laughing]
You sure? There was so
much left over last time!
Hmm.
[laughing and chatting]
Come on, let's go home.
Okay.
Hey! I'm home!
[exhaling]
Whatever.
Huh?
So? What did you want to
talk about?
Iruka Sensei, uh...
Listen...
You think... you
could submit a jonin
application for me?
What...?
It's just that all of my
other classmates are
going to have their
parents fill out
applications for them,
and...
Well... I, Uh...
No, sorry. I won't.
But why not?
Because that step's
supposed to come after
you become a chunin.
Sure, you saved us from
Pain, and everyone calls
you the Hero of the
Hidden Leaf, but I can't
give you special
treatment.
I mean, even your dad
worked his way up through
the ranks,
from genin to
chunin to jonin to become
Hokage...
...and then he went on to
become a hero.
And to become just a face
carved into a rock.
But you know what? Rocks
can't welcome you home.
Naruto...
Can I tell you something?
You know what I think
about sometimes?
He shouldn't have become
a hero carved into a
rock.
He should've just stayed
put somewhere so he could
say, "welcome home" to
me.
Iruka Sensei, your
parents-
Cut it out! Enough!
What's going on with you
today?
Just forget it.
Ramen! Sorry 'bout the
wait!
Miso and BBQ pork for
you, Naruto.
Hey, old man... There's
isn't any naruto fishcake
in this.
Oh, yeah... Sorry, but
we're all out.
I just put in a whole
bunch of menma in there
for you instead.
"Menma! Our Most Popular
Topping!"
Are you kidding?! I hate
menma!
What in the hell is that
crap made from, anyway?
It's just so gross!
Well, actually..
You take bamboo shoots
and ferment them. And
then you-
Great, so it's rotten
bamboo, huh?
[grunting]
You're the one being
really rotten right now!
Hey, hey! No fighting
inside the shop!
Ramen with no naruto in
it isn't really what I'd
call ramen at all!
Naruto!
Oh, man... I had no idea
he hated menma that
much...
He didn't leave enough...
I can cover him.
Damn it. Why can't Iruka
Sensei just...
Why do you always have to
be rebellious?!
Hm?
Why are you always going
on about stuff that
doesn't matter? I'm not a
little kid anymore!
Hold on! I'm not done
talking to you!
Hmph!
Just stop butting into my
life!
Sakura!
Huh?
[gasping]
Hey, Sakura...
Sakura, get back here!
[gasping]
Come on!
You're going on a date
with me. Let's go!
Uh, sure, okay. I'm up
for some fun, but based
on the way this date's
starting, I doubt-
Shut up!
Ahhh!
I'm pretty sure blowing
off steam doesn't count
as a date...
Hey! Sakura, let up! Ow
ow ow!
Uh, Sakura...?
Sounded like your mom
wanted you to come
back...
It's best to leave her
alone.
She's always like this,
butting in on every
little part of every
little thing that you do
and trying to tell you
exactly how you should be
doing it!
And my dad is no better,
either!
Would it be so hard to
take my side once in
a while?!
But no! He always does
whatever she says!
According to them, I'm a
no-good ninja with no
shot of becoming jonin.
Throw me a bone sometime!
You know what---
Why couldn't I have
different parents?! Ones
I could respect, like
everyone else has?!
I'd be better off without
them.
Okay, I think that you're
going a bit too far now.
What?!
Oh, so you're gonna
take their side, huh?
No, I just think that-
Why did it have to be you
that's here with me right
now?
If Sasuke were here,
he'd definitely understand
how I feel.
Huh?
Huh? Huh?!
It's been a while, Naruto
Uzumaki.
So it's you... Madara!
Rasengan!
[grunting]
You never change.
Cha!
I won't let you attack
our village!
This is unplanned. But it
doesn't matter.
Huh?
Madara...! What
are you--?!
[grunting]
Uh--
What was that?!
Why did--?
Wait, where did he go?!
This is bad news...
He still could be nearby.
We need to let everyone
know!
Hey, guys. What
are you doing?
Perfect! You guys came at
just the right time!
We're in trouble. Madara
was just here!
Hey! Aren't you
listening?!
Yeah, I'm listening...
but... what do you mean
by Madara?
I... don't
get it.
Come on, this isn't the
time for stupid jokes!
Like I said-
[gasping]
Akamaru!
Argh!
Damn you, Akamaru! I've
had enough of this! Quit
biting me when my back's
turned!
[growling and barking]
What was that?! Oh yeah?
Well, I don't like your
face either!
[growling]
Ah!
Did something happen
between you and Akamaru?
Yeah, like whatever.
He's always like this.
Damn it all! Why couldn't
I have been born a
cat-user instead?
Cat user?!
Why, you ask? Because
Kiba is a cat lover
through and through.
Also-
So. What were you two
doing here? I hope for
your sake it's not a
date.
What...?!
Of course not, Hinata,
what are you saying?
If you lay your hands on
him... I'll kill you.
Uh---
Come on, just confess!
I didn't do anything!
Everyone just calm down,
okay?!
All right... why are you
trying to cover for her?!
Uh, Sakura? I think maybe
we should-
Yeah... gotta go.
Incidentally, a male and
a female alone together
implies--
They're running away?! I
knew it was a date! Hold
it, you two!
I hate the sound of bugs.
[panting]
[grunting]
What was that all about?!
Those guys sure didn't
seem like themselves,
did they?
Mmm-mm!
Come on, Choji!
Huh?
Please, let's go to
Barbe-Q's! They're doing
this all-you-can-eat
special for only fifteen
hundred ryo per table.
So, even if we just split
it between the three of
us, then that only comes
out to be, like, uh...
Let's see... It's, uh...
I don't know--
It's five hundred ryo
each!
Anyway. I don't want some
all-you-can-eat deal!
I just get full too
easily. It would be a
complete waste of my
money!
What? I don't get it...!
Don't you see? Even if
you only eat enough for
five people, it's still a
bargain at that price!
But how am I ever
supposed to eat that
much?!
Come on, you guys...
[giggling awkwardly]
Shikamaru, Choji! You
shouldn't be fighting!
You're both friends,
right?
Wait, hold on... Did she
just giggle a little bit?
Mm-hmm.
Look, it's Sakura!
Hey, c'mon! It'll be
super fun! Join us!
What...?!
Oh, please come along
with us! Food always tastes
better when you  eat it
with friends, right?
What's her deal?
Everyone has been strange
ever since Madara disappeared.
You're tellin' me.
Let's go already!
Hold on, Hey, you guys.
Listen, Madara just showed
up in the village and
attacked us.
Madara did?! What's
Madara?
Oh, I know what that is!
The fish you put in hot
pots.
Oh, yeah!
Seriously? He's not a
fish!
Come on, guys! You really
don't know who he is?
What's going on? The two
of you...
You're acting weird
today...
What?! No! The only weird
ones-
Hm?
Sakura... you're the
child of heroes. You've
gotta get a hold of
yourself.
Child of heroes...?!
Just look!
Uh--
That's my dad!
How the-- no way!
Hey... What's all the
fuss about, you guys?
[gasping]
It's Sasuke!
It's you! What are you
doing in the village?!
What, am I not allowed in
my own village now?
No. I mean, Of course you
are! It's just...
You two okay? You look
like you've seen a ghost
or something.
Sakura, Menma.
Did you-?! Did you just
say Menma?
I know I did this to
myself, but it sure does
sting!
Uh, Tenten sweetie you
really should stop using
all of those ninja tools.
They're so
dangerous...!
The baths, huh.
I thought I'd tag along
with everyone to observe
their behavior, but...
Well, I see that you're
still completely flat as
a board.
What did you just say?!
Menma is my man! And
don't you ever forget
that... Flattie!
Flat?! This is the first
time I've ever gotten
angry with Hinata...
So Bushy Brows is the
only one who didn't show
up, huh?
That's not unusual.
Why is that, you ask?
Because he's a worker
ant. And, boy, do I ever
hate ants!
Seems to me that you've
got a pretty small minded
attitude, Shino.
Hey, Menma! Check this
out! See? I've got cat
ears!
Meow, meow, meow!
[giggling]
Oh, yeah, right.
Aw, come on, don't you
think that's funny?
All right, then...
I'm a lion! Roaaaaar!
To tell the truth, if I
had my choice, I'd really
much rather hear you say
"woof woof" or something.
[laughing and yelling]
Strike!
[yelling]
Ahhhh!
Shikamaru. Quit messing
around. You're not a kid
anymore, you know!
You just spilled half the
water out!
Oh. My bad!
Never mind...
Huh...?
Expansion Jutsu!
Ahh!
Whoa! Cool! Look at all
this water! Where did it
come from?
Man! Kiba likes cats and
Shikamaru's a complete
idiot...
It's painful just
watching them!
And you need to stop
overreacting to it. It's
annoying.
At least you're the
same as obnoxious as
ever!
It's so weird. Almost
everyone's different. But
I guess some people have
stayed the same...
Come on! Turn... toward
me!
I told you! Nothing
happened, I swear!
Like I'd believe that! I
know you've got your eyes
on Menma!
I sense...
Wait...
Oh, no! Crap!
Damn you, Neji! I'm sick
of it! I'll kill you!!
Ahhhh!
[screaming]
What's that?!
That hurt... more
than expected.
What's Lee doing in the
changing room?!
Rock Lee, you...!
So much for your
"training!" You were just
trying to peep on us,
weren't you?!
N-No!
I was only passing by
while I was training, and
I tripped over something!
It was just
an accident!
You just happened
to be on the bathhouse?
I'll kill you first and
then go take care of
Neji!
Hey! What happened?!
[squeaking]
Rock Lee's been peeping
on us!
What?! How improper!
[gasping]
You're one to talk!
Wait a minute, Hinata!
He's getting away!
Come on!
Let's get him!
Move it!
What is going on here?!
Everyone we know is
different than we
remember. Like they're
the opposite!
Everyone?
Even Sasuke?!
Well... no. Actually, he
seemed pretty normal...
You know, just as unlikable
as he usually is.
Oh, really...
But if Sasuke's the same,
maybe Lee is...
And that means he's been
falsely accused!
You're right. We'd better
go, too!
Really?! You can't even
use ninjutsu and you
thought you could get
away from us?!
You should be
ashamed.
Didn't I tell you,
you're the last one to
be giving lectures?!
No! You have it wrong! I
was merely training,
jumping between roofs, my
foot caught on something,
and then, well...
I just fell in there by
accident!
You're a
terrible liar!
Huh?
Wait, stop!
What, Menma?
Stay calm, everyone!
Maybe it was just an
accident!
How nice of you,
Sakura. Thanks!
Eh, shut up! You're
suspicious enough to get
a beating!
Just wait!
I know Lee isn't that
kind of person!
[gasping]
Aw, come on, you've got
to be kidding! Those
are mine!
Took 'em from the
changing room, huh?
Not Lee, too!
This place! I feel like
I'm losing my mind...
I tried releasing the
genjutsu, but it didn't
make a difference. Plus
Sasuke's here, and my
name is Menma!
I mean, what in the hell
is going on in this crazy
world?!
[grunting]
I think...
When Madara used his
jutsu, we were brought
into a whole other world.
It's the only thing that
makes sense.
What do you mean, "a
whole other world?"
I don't know, exactly...
I don't have enough
information right now to
figure it out.
All right... Well, I
guess all that we can do
is keep investigating.
Yeah, that's right.
So for a while, You're
forbidden from using your
real name when we're in
public, understand?
What?! Come on, are you
serious? Why?
Because! You're Menma
here, aren't you?
Work with me so that we
can gather intel
effectively.
Okay, "Menma?"
So you're going to call
me that, too...?
[exhaling]
Sakura! Good to see you!
Here you go!
Oh! Are you sure?
Of course! Take it and
don't mention it! It's
the least I can do after
your parents did so much
for all of us!
They saved the whole
village! We're in your
debt!
I see... "Heroes" means
that they're...
Sakura!
Put your shoes away when
you take them off!
Hm!
[grunting]
[giggling]
Damn it... My name is
Naruto Uzumaki!
Hey, wait a minute... If
Sakura's dad is the hero
of the village here, then
that means...
[grunting]
[chuckling]
Mom?! Dad?!
Hmm?
Huh--
[screaming]
What are you doing?! Get
out!
Oh, no, I- It's just
that- I was living here-
What?! This is my home,
and it always has been!
Get out, get out, get out!
Go on, or I'll scream!
[grunting]
[groaning]
If this isn't my home,
where I'm I supposed to
stay?!
This world sucks!
This isn't funny, you
know! Damn it!
Quiet!
Good work.
Thanks to you, we were
able to send them to the
other world.
An experimental version
of the Infinite
Tsukuyomi...
Limited Tsukuyomi... That
world is like a mirror
image on the water's
surface.
Using the power of our
seven Tailed Beasts, this
jutsu creates another
reality, a perfect copy
of this world, and traps
its victims there.
However... It doesn't
appear that this world
and that one are absolutely
identical after all.
Of course not. As an
analogy, imagine our
victims are like this
pebble...
Throw in a foreign
object, and it's
inevitable that some
distortions will result.
I see.
Now then, I have to take
some steps to move things
forward.
It's strange, though...
I mean, you created that
world... and yet not
everything in it moves
according to your wishes.
As I explained,... this
jutsu is experimental.
However...
I will retain control of
this situation...
Kekkei Genkai, Secret
Jutsu...
To gather every power in
existence and rule over
the world of shinobi...
What a truly simplistic
ambition!
Your presence is too
strong for a ghost... Who
are you?
Does it matter? I have
power. And it can be
yours.
[humming and giggling]
Wait, is that...?
Hm!
[knocking]
Huh?
It's Sasuke?!
Hey, what's up? It's
kinda early...
I kept thinking that you
didn't seem like yourself
yesterday.
Wait, you mean you were
worried about me?!
Uh--
If you need any help,
just ask. I will always
be here for you, Sakura.
Thank you, Sasuke!
[grunting]
Homeless in my own
village! This is
ridiculous!
You've had it rough since
we got here, huh...?
Don't act like it's just
my problem! Aren't you
finding this whole thing
difficult, too?!
Well, to tell you the
truth, I actually find it
refreshing!
Refreshing?! So I
pulled the short straw?!
[groaning]
Okay, okay. Let's just go
over what we know so far
and focus on that.
This whole place was
created by Madara's
jutsu, but it doesn't
seem like the villagers
mean us any harm.
Right, and we don't
really know this place...
...but all the people
that we've encountered
treat us like we belong
here.
Also...
Yes, I've painted yet
another beautiful
landscape! Perfect!
For Sai, that's horrible.
I don't really understand
art...
Is that even a landscape?
Look, don't ask me! I
don't get art at all!
Everyone's different...
just a little off...
[grunting]
You two!
Huh?
This way, Naruto!
This is why I hate
bugs...
The biggest difference in
this world... has to be
how everyone treats
Sakura.
Can I shake your hand,
Child of Heroes?
Of course!
This is so cool! When I
grow up, I wanna be just
like you, Sakura!
So what do I do?!
Well, uh...
Study hard, I guess...
and train hard...
If you've got
determination and the
will to fight...
...You're pretty much all
set!
Awesome!
I'll work hard, I
swear!
Bye!
Thanks, Sakura! Bye!
You can do it!
Hold on... you're
enjoying this whole
situation, aren't you?
Urgh!
No! I most certainly am
not!
I'm merely playing the
part of the Child of
Heroes so I don't look
out of place!
Oh? Not at all?
Well, uh... a little...
I mean, it doesn't look
like there are any big
threats to deal with
right now...
It's not that bad once
you get used to it, you
know?
So you've completely
forgotten everything?
Sakura! This entire place
is a fake world that
Madara sent us to! We're
trapped here!
Yes, of course! I know
that! Look, I was just
saying!
The point is that I'm not
staying! Stayin' in this
dumb old world--
Wait, where are you
going?!
To gather more intel, of
course! I'm not just
gonna hang around here
doing nothing!
Uh--
Wait! I'm coming, too!
Now that he's been
trapped inside the
Limited Tsukuyomi... we
are at least halfway to
our goal of obtaining the
Nine Tails.
So we can get rid of
Naruto and take the Nine
Tails whenever we want?
There's no need to
rush. All in good time.
But make no mistake: we
will finish off Naruto
Uzumaki and capture the
Nine Tails!
If you want to know
something...
...the best thing to do
is always ask Granny!
Madness! You're telling
me the Tailed Beast of
the Land of Lightning has
been taken?!
Huh?
Uh?
Oink.
Wait, did you just say
what I think you just
said?!
Menma!
A Tailed Beast has been
taken...?!
Has anything happened to
Killer Bee?!
Calm yourselves. Our
intel says that it was a
female Jinchuriki who was
taken.
Lady Tsunade!
There may well be a
battle in the near
future. So surely there's
no need to keep this hidden.
A battle? With who?
Someone has been
collecting rare jutsu and
Kekkei Genkai in recent
years. I'm sure you've
heard the news going
around about a "masked
man" spotted in several
different nations.
Did you say a masked man?
He's an S-rank criminal
wanted internationally.
But we never thought he'd
lay his hands on a Tailed
Beast...
A Tailed Beast and a
mask... What do you
think? It's gotta be
him, right?
It must.
No one here knows the
name "Madara."
But in the same way that
you're called Menma,
Madara might be here
under another name, too.
That's it... where's this
guy now?
Uh uh. Just forget it. He
isn't someone you can
handle.
All of the Hidden
Villages, including ours,
have tried to defeat him
many times. But...
... even Master Jiraiya
himself never made it
back home...
Seriously...? Pervy
Sage...
Before he died, Jiraiya
got a message to us. He
revealed that there's
only one way that we can
defeat the masked man.
You have to use the
Scroll of Sealing... the
"Red Moon Scroll."
Welcome home.
Thank you, Lady Hokage.
[gasping]
No way... Mom and Dad...
You're alive!
[grunting]
That's no way to greet
your parents when they
get home from a mission,
you know!
I see, so in this world--
Please tell me... What
about this scroll?
Before he died, Jiraiya
Sensei received a
prophecy on Mount
Myoboku.
It said the Red Moon
Scroll he obtained would
defeat the masked man.
The prophecies of the
Great Lord Elder are
never wrong.
In order to fulfill the
prophecy, Jiraiya Sensei
risked his life to obtain
the Red Moon Scroll.
But he sustained serious
injuries and lost his life
without being able to make
it back to the village.
Then where can we find
this Red Moon Scroll now,
do you know?
Most likely it was hidden
close to our border with
the Land of Grass.
Does that mean that you
managed to break the
code?
It took quite some time
to decipher, but yes, we
did.
Minato, Kushina. The
moment Kakashi and Guy
return from their current
mission, head out
together to recover the
Red Moon Scroll.
Please! You just gotta
let me join them on this
mission, granny!
Wait, Naruto! What are
you saying?! You can't do
this!
I can't leave this to
other people, either!
Stop the caster, and
release the jutsu!
This is our chance!
The lead that'll get
us back home!
Yeah, you're right...
Granny!
You two have no place in
this mission.
[grunting]
Could you possibly
reconsider?
Huh?
Minato!
Please, don't worry. I
guarantee I'll bring the
Red Moon Scroll back.
All right, fine!
Thank you,
Lady Hokage.
Hm?
[chuckling]
Huh?
[grunting]
That was a shock. Right?
I didn't expect your
parents to-
He's toying with me! Damn
you, Madara!
You've gone too far this
time, showing those fakes
to me...!
I know...
We gotta get that scroll.
Whatever it's called, we
gotta find it, quickly!
Then we'll take down
Madara and we'll finally
get the hell out of this
world!
[happily eating]
There are people here who
shouldn't be, And ones
who've died are
alive...
What kind of world is
this, anyway...?
[eating]
Naruto's parents are
alive here...
I wonder what he's doing
over there right now...
[knocking]
Come out, Menma! I said
that dinner's ready!
Just leave me alone, all
right!
I'm not going to play
house with those two
phonies!
Ah!
It's about a hundred
years too early to start
disobeying me, you know.
Ah!
It's really not worth it,
Menma!
They don't call your
mother the Red-Hot
Habanero for nothing!
You're gonna come eat
your dinner now, right?!
Right?!
Yes!
[trembling]
Thank you.
Menma. Please bring your
dishes over.
Do it yourself.
You're in a bad mood...
Did you get into a fight
with Sakura?
[sighing]
Huh?
Uh--
You okay? You hardly ever
drag that thing out.
I'm allowed to, aren't I?
Listen, earlier today...
Why'd you ask Granny to
let me go with you?
I'm sure that you've got
your reasons for wanting
to go.
It's not like our boy to
throw a fit without a good
reason behind it. Am I
wrong?
What is that all about?
Well... you are my son.
Huh--
All right, everyone!
Let's give this our all!
How can I?!
Two missions back-to-back
without a break is hard!
The days of my youth are
long gone...
Don't say that. Come on!
Let's do this!
A total role reversal...
What's that look on your
face all about?
You trying to look cool
to the heroes' kid? I bet
you want to impress her,
huh?
Would you stop
touching me?!
Hey! What was that for?!
Stop rebelling!
Hey!
You know, you
didn't have to--
What?!
I'm not really Menma,
remember?
Naruto...
You have my gratitude.
Because of you, I was
able to locate the Tailed
Beast.
I know all there is to
know about this world.
Given that, you should
heed my warning. You will
soon have a crisis to
contend with.
Are you referring to the
Red Moon Scroll?
The enemy has already put
their plans in motion.
Have they, now...?
The Red Moon Scroll is
hidden just up ahead.
I'm sure Jiraiya
Sensei laid some traps
to keep it safe...
Kakashi. Take the lead
and look ahead for us
with your Sharingan.
Understood.
Or so I'd like to say...
...but, uh, I went a bit
overboard, I've been
using the Sharingan
a lot.
You always peter out at
the most crucial moments,
don't you?
Actually, I could do with
a rest too...
Age tires both body and
soul...
All right... We'll take a
short breather.
Hey... Where's Menma?
Not again...!
I can't stand around
doing nothing!
Is that it...?
[grunting]
Chief Toad!
We're too late!
Menma!
How many times...?!
The trap's set off. No
use crying about it now.
We're Shinobi from the
Leaf! We've come to retrieve
the scroll concealed here by
Master Jiraiya.
I don't care who you are.
Our instructions are
to protect the scroll
from anyone and everyone
who might come here
looking for it.
Chief Toad! Just listen
to me!
Silence!
No room for negotiation,
huh?
Very well, then... We cut
through.
There's so many of them,
ya know!
Yeah, I can hardly move
at all!
Ooh!
Middle Age Attack!
I don't want to hurt them
if I can help it.
These toads signed a
contract with Jiraiya
Sensei.
[grunting]
Wait!
Menma!
Let me through, Chief!
Runt, don't act like
I'm your friend!
Even Chief Toad's
different in this world.
I'd better use Sage Mode!
Hey, where'd the brat
run off to now?!
Love Tap!
Aw, man, and I
was so close.
Menma!
Uh!
Kushina!
Minato...
[grunting]
But... Why would...?
Why would she do that...?
I...
Stand back, Menma!
But-
Just stay here with
Kushina.
I'll handle the rest.
[grunting]
[growling]
Damn he's fast!
A Fused Sealing Jutsu of
Transportation Ninjutsu
and Perimeter Barrier
Jutsu...
Jiraiya Sensei and I are
just about the only two
who could break this...
[grunting]
Thank you, Sensei. You
made sure only we got
the Red Moon Scroll.
[panting]
Are you okay?!
Kushina only suffered a
light burn. But I hope
you know what I'm about
to say, Naruto.
Just leave me alone,
would ya?!
What?
You two stop fussing over
me! Just knock it off,
all right?!
Look, I didn't ask her to
jump in or to get hurt! I
could've gotten past that
attack by myself without
her help!
[dazed]
Sorry, that's not how it
works.
You will always protect
your child.
Your body just moves.
There's no thinking or
logic. That's what it
means to be a parent.
But... But how can you
say that?
Am I wrong somehow in my
line of thinking?
That's not what I was
talking about!
It's just--
Huh!
Don't do something
reckless like that again.
I talked it over with
Kushina before we left.
When this mission is over
we want to submit your
jonin application.
[gasping]
Menma!
Uh!
Oh, uh, Kushina! I
already gave him a
talking to--
What you put me through!
[grunting]
I'm so glad that you
weren't hurt.
They're such a loving
family....
I'm sure Jiraiya can rest
in peace now.
All right! Let's send out
a strike force immediately!
We have what we need to take
down that evil masked man!
No.
We're still going to have
to wait for the proper
time.
What?
There's yet another part
to the prophecy.
It says that the Red Moon
Scroll shall be opened
only when the heavenly moon
is stained vermilion...
Until that time I shall
keep the scroll under
lock and key.
I can't believe it. We
got the scroll... but now
we still can't make a
move!
Yeah...
Do we even have any idea
when the moon is supposed
to get stained red? I
think tomorrow we should
go see Lady Tsun---
Um. I'm sorry, Sakura.
Huh? Why?
I gotta go!
[inhaling]
[exhaling]
Well, that was quick.
Hm.
Mom and dad... This is
so...
Welcome home.
Menma.
I'm glad to be home!
The Leaf has gained
possession of the Red
Moon Scroll.
Very well... Then we can
begin.
The Limited Tsukuyomi...
brings to life the innermost
desires of whomever is brought
inside of it.
It's the world of their
dreams...
That's why, once the
world has been finished,
not even I, its creator,
can remake it.
Bound by their deepest
desires. There is no
better way to imprison
someone.
Oh, boy. I guess that
sometimes you can have
too much of a good
thing...
[sighing]
[dripping]
The child of heroes...
Naruto...
I wonder if he's always
felt like this...
[chatting]
[laughing]
Hey! Sasuke!
[giggling]
Oh, Sasuke, stop it!
No, baby. No matter
what happens, I'll
always be there for you.
[chuckling]
I'm sorry, Naruto! I was
wrong... so wrong!
We've gotta get back to
our own world...
I'm sorry, Naruto! We
should-
[laughing]
Okay, I'm gonna blow them
out!
[blowing]
[laughing]
Well... I did blow them
out!
[laughing]
Yeah, and then some!
How are we gonna
eat that?!
What do I do now?
Is this all because of
what I said to him?
But now... What about his
dream...?
What did you want to talk
about, Sakura?
I'm... a bit busy today.
I can't stay long.
Oh...!
I mean, until the time
comes for us to use the
scroll, all we can do is
wait, right?
I guess that I'm just
killing time until
then...
Can I ask you something?
Are you actually happy in
this world, Naruto?
What?! Sakura! Come on,
what are you even talking
about?!
It's just...
In this world... I have
everything... Everything
that I've always
wanted...
My dad is here... My mom
is here. This is what
I've always longed for.
It was my dream to...
But this place is...
I know it's not real...
But...
I...!
[gasping]
So, you've come
here, have you?
You have my gratitude for
retrieving that from
behind the barrier
protecting it.
Now. You will give the
Red Moon Scroll to me.
Lady Hokage!
You won't get that
scroll!
I wasn't talking to you
weaklings.
Guy!
[grunting]
Lady Hokage!
No!
Do it.
[grunting]
How did...
One hit wiped out our
chakra?!
The next one will kill
you. Give me the Red Moon
Scroll.
No! Get out of here,
Menma! He's the masked
man!
Wait, he is?!
But that means... it
wasn't Madara?!
Madara? So you two are
acquainted with him, huh?
That's right!
Do you know him?!
Yes... He's been very
useful...
We don't care! Just tell
us where we can find him!
I'm under no obligation
to tell you that. Judging
by your tone... it seems
you're not one of us...
All right... I'll make
you talk!
Ah!
Sakura!
[struggling]
I wouldn't. You're no
match for me.
So what? If we want to
get out of this world...
...then we have to defeat
Madara. I'll do what I
have to do!
The real heroes are...
the ones who risked their
lives to protect our
world and our village.
It's my home!
I won't abandon it!
[gasping]
[grunting]
Oh, no, Sakura!
Run, Menma!
I'll never forgive you if
you die before I do!
Mom...!
[grunting]
I sense something...
repulsive in you!
The Yellow Flash...
Back when I recovered
that scroll I inscribed
my jutsu formula here.
If I need to, I can
spirit the scroll away to
a kunai that I've placed
outside the village.
I won't give up my
master's legacy.
On the contrary. You'll
give it to me willingly.
You let her go!
Bring it to me, and I'll
spare her life.
You think I'll let you
get away with that?!
Here's a little parting
gift.
What is that?
It's bad news. It's a
mass of dense chakra!
Great Rasen Ring.
Menma!
No, Menma...! Please...
My god...
Wait, where's Sakura?
She's-
At the very least, we
still have the scroll...
We'll get organized and
wait for a chance to
counterattack.
What are you talking
about?! We don't have
time to wait! We have to
go and save her right away!
That's impossible, Menma!
We just don't have the
talent to stand up to
him...
Besides, we can't go
risking our lives for
everyone else!
What...?!
Why not?!
We may all be ninja but
despite that, we're only
human...!
Yeah, but-
What if you die?!
We're just worried about
your safety, Menma...
Uh--
'Cause I believe in you
completely.
The Leaf's in your hands,
Naruto.
... the ones who risked their
lives to protect our
world and our village.
It's my home!
I won't abandon it!
I'll be right back.
If I don't settle this
now... we'll have even
bigger problems than
the Nine Tails!
There is no hope for any
of you!
Rasengan!
[screaming]
[roaring]
Kushina...
forgive me.
I can still do it,
Minato.
[grunting]
[growling]
[coughing]
Thank you... for
everything you've done.
Minato! Please don't give
me that sad look!
I'm happy! Because you
love me...
And today... Our child
was born!
But most of all... if I
were to imagine me,
alive... and our future,
the three of us together
as a family...
I can't really picture
us... as being
anything... but truly
happy!
I'm going to seal the
rest of your chakra
inside Naruto.
And... the other half of
the Nine Tails...
I'll seal it inside
Naruto.
[gasping]
But he's our son,
Minato!
...which is exactly
why... I don't want him
to bear such a heavy
burden!
Why does Naruto have to
be sacrificed... for the
balance of power among
Tailed Beasts... For his
nation... for his
Village...?
Why do you have to
sacrifice yourself at
all?!
If you're just doing this
for me,... then I don't
want it!
[roaring]
Our family.
[growling]
Is shinobi.
We won't see him for
quite a while. So let's
tell him what we want to
say...
Naruto... Don't be a
picky eater. Just eat a
lot so you grow up big
and strong.
Don't forget, to make
friends as well...
You don't need a ton of
them, okay...? Just a few
is fine... As long as they're
ones you can really trust.
Remember the Three
Prohibitions of the
shinobi...
Oh, uh... you should be
wary of Jiraiya Sensei ya
know...
[crying]
Naruto, I'm sorry
to say...
...you'll have hardships
and painful times
ahead...
Just be true to who you
are.
Make sure to have
dreams...
... and the courage to
make those dreams come
true!
Oh, Naruto, there's so
much. There's so
much more!
So much.
There are so many things
that I wish I had the
time to pass on to you...
So much more I
want to tell you.
I wish I could stay with
you longer.
I love you!
Naruto, my words to
you...
Well, I guess your
talkative mom...
Said it all...
I have to go.
No, you don't! You don't
need to go play the
hero--
The thing is, I'm
not from this
world...
Uh!
Also... my name
is not Menma.
I'm sorry for lying to
you.
Menma, what are you
talking about?!
Where I'm from,... my
real dad was the Fourth
Hokage.
And my mom... was the
Jinchuriki of the Nine
Tails.
Back in my world... when
the Nine Tails attacked,
they both sacrificed
themselves in order to
protect the village...and
to protect me...
...they died.
Menma, please don't go!
Stay with us!
Sorry, I can't.
No!
Because... I am the child
of those two heroes!
Where am I...?
Another reality created
by the Limited Tsukuyomi.
In your former
world... this place was
known as the "Training
Cave".
Both Jiraiya and the
Fourth Hokage honed their
skills here.
Uh...
However... in this world,
other people have set up
their base here.
Just what do you
hope to achieve?
You'll see. You should
thank me. This will be a
once in a lifetime spectacle.
There you are!
Enough, Madara!
Naruto!
First we're going to take
you down and then go back
to our own world!
Sorry, but I'm not the
one who's going to be
your opponent.
[gasping]
Hand over the Red Moon
Scroll!
Not gonna happen! I'm
here to get Sakura! Now
let her go!
Then I'll just take it
from you once I take you
down.
I was planning on killing
you anyway.
There's something...
horrible coming from you.
I can't let you live.
Something horrible...
What?!
[grunting]
What is this awful
feeling...?
Again?!
Damn it.
What is going on?!
It disgusts me...! Your
chakra. Your very
existence! Everything!
What is this jittery
feeling in the pit of my
stomach...
So... Let's get this over
with quickly.
Nine Mask Svaha.
Sei, Byaku, Shu, Gen,
Kuu, Nan, Boku, San,
Gyoku.
Nine Masked Beasts!
I'll grind your bones to
dust!
There's too many of them!
[gasping]
I see you brought
reinforcements as well.
Stop.
[grunting]
We have come here to help
you at the request of the
Hokage.
Huh?!
We were hired to back you
up so that you have a
fighting chance against
that masked man.
Woo hoo!
Mercenaries...! The
Akatsuki!
Yeah!
[laughing]
Grim Reaper chakra.
It seems you're
worthy of shredding.
No way! The Akatsuki's on
our side?!
Don't get ahead of
yourself!
I see.... Another
distortion of this world.
I never thought the
Hokage would send the
Akatsuki.
Uh!
Itachi Uchiha...!
From your appearance I
wouldn't expect physical
attacks to be of use
against you.
However, I have other
methods...
The man who can burn even
fire itself.
You are a nuisance as
usual!
Keep an eye on Sakura for
me, all right?!
I must say, the
swaying of the flames is
a really nice, artistic
touch...
But true art is an
explosion!
Uh!
So that's its true
form...?
What is this place...?
Oh, right... it was used
for training.
[grunting]
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Relying on quantity won't
win this fight.
Is that so?
This is over.
[yelling]
You...
[grunting]
[panting]
Who are you? Tell me!
You disgust me.
Naruto...!
How! The Rasen
Shuriken didn't...?!
[grunting]
It doesn't let up, does
it? Deep in your belly!
[gasping]
[laughing]
You are such a fool!
The one inside you has
been getting angrier and
angrier this whole time!
Inside me?
How did you know...?!
Perhaps... there's an
resonance between us?
[gasping]
To tell the truth, I
never saw it coming
either!
[laughing]
Unbelievable...! To think
that there's someone
identical to me in this
world...
That must be why I can't
stand you.
[struggling]
Your very existence
makes every hair on
my body stand up!
[struggling]
But at least the
solution's easy: I'll
just have to erase you!
[yelling]
[gasping]
[roaring]
Die!
[growling]
Whoa...
What is that?!
[growling]
Uh--
He looks just like
Naruto!
He's the Nine Tails'
Jinchuriki here?!
Of all the tailed beasts,
the Nine Tails possesses
the greatest and purest
hatred...
Should two ever face each
other, it's inevitable
that a life-or-death
battle shall begin...
Now then... How will the
dice fall?
I'm the one that he's
after! So go on! Get away
from here!
[roaring]
Naruto!
Further assistance would
fall outside our contract.
We weren't paid to deal
with this.
But that's--!
How is something so
big so fast?!
(angry roar)
[growling]
Rasengan Barrage!
Damn it!
How pathetic. Letting a
phony like that defeat
you!
Shut up!
I'm about to
counterattack. I'll use
Tailed Beast Mode...
Are you completely
stupid?
He may be an impostor,
but your opponent is a
Nine Tails like me.
You only have access to a
fraction of my chakra,
but he can use all of
his.
How can you fight him?
Switch with me, Naruto.
Let me out, and I'll take
over this fight for you!
Ha! You think I'd
fall for that?!
I know what you're up to!
I'm not just going to
hand my body over to you!
As always, you're an
insufferable brat!
But remember, everything
is relative. I detest
Madara Uchiha even more
than I hate you.
If you were to die, then
most likely I'd remain
imprisoned inside this
fake world forever...
And if that's his plan, I
have no desire to sit
back and let it happen!
I'll lend you my
power, all my power,
just this once.
The enemy of my enemy is
my friend, huh...?
All right, fine. I say
let's do it! A
one-time-only alliance!
[growling]
Huh?
[roaring]
[growling]
[snarling]
[struggling]
[grunting]
[roaring]
What's going on?
This is way too artsy.
They don't have to
reshape the whole
landscape!
Naruto...
[roaring]
We will triumph! You
won't survive!
Curse him...
He's bonded strongly to
that Nine Tails and has
so much chakra...
[roaring]
Just give up! You can't
defeat us!
[grunting]
[growling]
You're gonna die, right
now!
Yeah, right. Not a
chance!
Hm!
[lightly grunting]
I suspected that you
would emerge victorious
from this fight...
However, the battle
itself... far exceeded my
expectations.
You and the Nine Tails
bonded more strongly than
I ever could have
predicted.
Now I just have to
take you down and
go home.
It seems that you still
do not fully understand
the situation that you're
in...
Because of the resonance
between the two Nine
Tails...
And because of the
normally impossible
alliance you've
formed,... at this moment
your seal has weakened to
an unprecedented degree.
Yes... Just like that
time.
Damn it!
Run, now!
Huh?! Why, what's the big
deal?
I ignored him because he
has no physical form,
but...
He still has power: his
Visual Jutsu!
He'll drag me out of you
like he dragged me out of
Kushina!
[gasping]
The Nine Tails...
...is mine!
Careful! If you look into
his eyes, it's over!
[grunting]
Damn it... At this rate,
I'm done for...
The red moon...
It's now or never...
The time of the prophecy
has come!
[gasping]
Forget everything.
The Nine Tailed Fox
Spirit...
...is mine!
All your hopes have been
extinguished!
Naruto! Get up!
I've wiped his memory.
He's not even able to
move anymore!
You won't get near him!
I'll make sure!
Huh...?
What...?
What am I doing...?
No, more like...
...Who...?
Who am I...?
Why...?
...am I...
This jutsu...
...was handed down
to us by the Fourth
Hokage.
So what're you waiting
for?! Teach me!
[straining]
Here.
[chuckling]
Come onnnn!
Hhhhaaaaaaa!
[gasping]
[grunting]
Naruto!
You still managed to get
up...?!
I would never forget.
The legacy my master left
me! This Rasengan and
also my precious name!
The book he wrote was
"Tales of a Gutsy Ninja!"
And what two great heroes
picked out from that book...
...was my name!
You will give me your
tailed beast and die
inside this world!
I'm not...
...Menma!
I am Naruto!
Naruto!
Uh--
I haven't been subjected
to that jutsu...
...for sixteen years.
Madara... Are you
still here?
But this time...
[gasping]
Minato! Kushina!
But how did you two get
here...?!
It's thanks to Minato's
kunai!
Uh!
I don't know who you
really are. But...
I simply can't think of
you as a stranger.
I suppose this, too, is
fate...
Well, it matters
little... Your Nine Tails
can remain with you a
little longer.
Who was that man?
The one behind all this.
He's the one who brought
us over to this world and
started this whole mess
in the first place.
[gasping]
[whimpering]
Menma!
Then...
Huh?
Uh?
Naruto, this means...
You're going back home?
to where you came from?
So it's goodbye...
Thanks, okay? For coming
to save us?
And even though... we
weren't together long...
I'm really grateful to
both of you.
Because my whole life
I've never known anything
like this.
Thank you... for
all of it. For making
me dinner...
... for worrying about
me... for getting mad
at me...
...for being alive and
well...
Thank you... so much...
Is this...?
Naruto! Your cloak!
We did it, Sakura. We're
back in our own world.
What a pity.
And we were so close to
obtaining the Nine Tails.
To think that prophecy
was accurate...
I'm completely stunned...
How could Madara pull
something like this
inside the village?
From what I've heard, I
believe that it was some
type of transportation
technique...
He's unpredictable as
ever...
In any event, I'm
relieved that you're all
safe...
However, if this incident
is made public, it'll be
chaos in the village.
Until we've taken
countermeasures I believe
that it may be better to
keep these events secret.
Incidentally... regarding
the jonin applications
that were submitted...
It's back to the drawing
board!
You know? I definitely
prefer Kakashi Sensei
and Granny the way they
are now.
Yeah, it's comforting.
Sakuraaaa!!
It's dad...!
Sakura!
There you are!
You just ran off! We've
been looking everywhere
for you. We're exhausted!
Now you're ex-losted! Get
it? 'Cause we found you!
You are too much, you
know that?
[panting]
What is going on, child?
You're so melodramatic!
It's... I just...
I'm sorry about
everything...
You know, Sakura... your
mother only pesters you
because she worries about
you.
You should listen to what
she says.
Yeah...
So, Sakura! Next time,
can we go on a real date?
[sniffling]
Are you kidding?! Don't
you think that one was
long enough?!
What?!! You'd call what
we went through a date?!
"What is a ninja?"
I asked that once when I
was younger.
"A real ninja... is one
who endures."
That's what my master
told me.
[sighing]
Where have you been?
[gasping]
I've been looking
everywhere for you!
Iruka Sensei!? Why did
you---?!
Well... it's just... you
know.
I thought I might have
been a little harsh
before.
So, I thought that we
could share this, and-
What's wrong?
It's nothing!
Welcome home, Naruto.
Hee!
It's good to be home.
Okay! I'm outta here!
And...
...my name is...
...Naruto Uzumaki!
I'm a ninja!